c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.exe
C:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.deps.json
C:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.pdb
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Ejercicio tecnico back.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Ejercicio tecnico back.props
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Ejercicio tecnico back.props
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Ejercicio tecnico back.props
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Ejercicio tecnico back.styles.css
C:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercici.6ABC61CB.Up2Date
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Ejercicio tecnico back.dll
c:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.pdb
C:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ejercicio tecnico back.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\nicolasg\Documents\Programming\Naaloo\Ejercicio tecnico back\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Ejercicio tecnico back.dll
